Reorganize docs, add info, reduce redundancies (#337)
NREL-Sienna/PowerNetworkMatrices.jl: docs/src/index.md

    [Introduction](tutorials/generated_introduction.md), which screens a line
    outage on a small network with a PTDF, an LODF, and a reduction; then
    [Analysis at Scale](tutorials/generated_analysis_at_scale.md) does the same at
    scale with virtual matrices and cache control.
  - **[How-To Guides](how_to_guides/generated_build_multiple_matrices.md)** —
    task recipes for a specific goal (build matrices efficiently, choose a solver,
    reproduce industry DFAX values, define contingencies, diagnose connectivity).
  - **[Reference](reference/network_matrices_overview.md)** — exhaustive
    descriptions of every matrix type, accessor, and setting. Begin at the
    [Matrix Overview and Indexing](reference/network_matrices_overview.md) hub.
  - **[Explanation](explanation/dc_power_flow_approximation.md)** — the concepts
    and trade-offs: the DC approximation, network-reduction theory, computational
    considerations, concurrency, and slack conventions.

## About

`PowerNetworkMatrices.jl` has been developed as part of the Scalable Integrated
Infrastructure Planning (SIIP) initiative at the U.S. Department of Energy's

> National Renewable Energy Laboratory ([NREL](https://www.nrel.gov/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
National Laboratory of the Rockies (formerly known as NREL) ([NLR](https://www.nlr.gov/)).
```
